hey everybody welcome back to her on the
line please finding wise gets Ruth plus
killing it lately
easy runs good runs and great starts is
even great damage great rate of fire
that's all I'm going to say here
7m DBM qlk with breath of life which
also started our run like it might have
even know it was two runs ago I think we
started with breath of life and honestly
we can afford lard even though it is
going to lower our speed drastically I
think it's a small price to pay for
getting a little bit of HP and all in
all like looking at this run there's
basically nothing that I can be
disappointed about right now one of
these days maybe I'll use breath of life
properly one of these days maybe they'll
make it worth using properly but for now
it's just taking up space and that's
fine because all of our other stats are
like above average except speed except
speed but speed is relatively easy to
come by except for all those runs in
which it's literally killed us okay okay
okay it's going to be one of these runs
it's going to be a d4 run and you know
what it's been a while since we fully
Zain doubt sometimes we balled out
sometimes we played like we were strung
out now it's time for us to Zane out so
we're going to d4 on the regular I'm
probably going to hold off just for now
because I don't like deform like two
items maybe we'll wait until after the
first deal with the devil is over and
then all we're doing is trying to reroll
into it a run that is some good
combination of decent and also fresh you
know it doesn't have to be Tex
it's basically what I'm trying to get
out with that even though you know if we
come down to what tech X might not be
the worst thing in the world we're
actually in a really good position to d4
as well because no matter what we're
still going to have to HP even if they
take away lard we're going to have to HP
that's like it can't be ripped away from
us our damage can be by losing
cat-o'-nine-tails but I'm pretty sure
there's no way to go down in HP even if
you re roll into like nine lives I think
you might get nine lives and be at your
existing amount of HP but don't quote me
on that one well maybe find out if we if
we have to cross that bridge but
for now the run is good and the d for
only makes it more interesting I'll be a
you know slightly scarier as well but
we're like I don't know man when I think
back to those Isaac runs from like a
week ago I was convinced the game at God
and harder and I was talking to like sin
victim about it he's like maybe you're
just tilted off the face of the planet
Earth and I was like nah do you
understand the game's gotten harder you
are you it's just me I'm the only one
looking at the facts here turns out I
may have just been tilted off the face
of planet Earth or perhaps some
combination of being mad tilted and also
variants not being particularly kind
over and over and over not to say that
we should have lost every run that we
had there but maybe you know we should
have lost one and then that tilted me a
little bit and then we maybe should have
won the second one but I was too tilted
to play well and you know it's not an
excuse but I keep talking about the
slump because it's how I keep the ghost
of the slump away now that we're on a
little pseudo streak here at least
that's the that's the dream work that's
the dream work
that's the dream but teamwork makes the
dream work is what I mean to say here
all right so we're coming close to our
first re-roll after which point we will
reroll now and forever until the end of
time but I said like two episodes of
going and have a big day recording Isaac
so far so good
you know get that momentum high and
don't dilute it by playing dead cells I
think it was I've been going on some
I've been going dead cells Isaac dead
cells Isaac and then I'm playing bad at
dead cells that I come over to Isaac and
I'm not playing as well and Isaac aside
like us as well
I got a you know specialized today is
Isaac day it's like going to the gym you
can do a full body workout but you know
you might be it I mean I don't know what
I'm talking about I should probably
abstain from giving advice don't take
fitness advice from a guy who sits in a
chair 14 hours a day and spends the
other you know 10 hours basically laying
down either on a couch or on a bed let's
take it
hear me out here
we got plays I got ideas at least unless
it's one of those twitch streamers who
also like prides themselves on being
jacked in which case like take fitness
advice from them just don't take it from
me that's the most important thing you
know you can call me many things just
don't call me late for dinner
because I'm punctual and I love food
don't worry roll yet what I'm thinking
is we should kick the crap out of this
boss with our good stats wow that is the
fastest tingle I've ever seen in my life
we will stand further away
take as many deals with the devil as we
can if we could respawn as dark Judas
and then re-roll I'm a happy camper
because that means that our damage stat
is not going to be as necessarily
guaranteed to be garbage as it might be
I mean if we're going to reroll I don't
know first off just go grab this
business perfect because we can grab all
this stuff hurt ourselves a little bit
here so we die come back as dark Judas
damages out of control then magic mush
also gave us another six damage and then
reroll and our damage went way down but
our speed went up by point zero zero so
that's pretty positive what have I done
this is the most hideous of all the
Lord's creations anyway down to the next
floor we could have rolled with it for a
little while away of the fun in that
right instead we've created and of
course no mirror on this floor we've
created a hideous
abomination the likes of which I've
never seen before but it's still decent
you know we have eight damage I would
prefer to just be shooting straight on
but it's not that bad and our HP will
last long enough for us to get to good
territory your honestly this could be
the novel run that we've been asking for
but I don't know if it has that perfect
combination of novel and good if we can
get like tractor beam I'm off to the
races like there's no shame in
taking the first d4 that you get if the
first c4 you get is good plus we do have
egghead here actually feels like we got
super hang head or something
that is I say this as a person with an
egg-shaped head that is an egghead that
head is an egg it's one of the ones you
get from the grocery store and you're
like what kind of chicken produce an egg
this large I feel bad for the chicken
and not just for the requisite reasons
that you'd normally feel bad for a
chicken for altogether different reasons
related to the size of the orphans
necessary to push out this gargantuan
egg all right yeah I just didn't move
there so I can understand why I got hit
I do want to re-roll but if there's
going to be a high density of items like
there will be on this little setup right
here we might as well wait and see what
we get so this is our second boss fight
so we will not get a deal with the devil
on this floor and then walking backwards
will take us to the regular boss fight
it's a little weird I thought you always
got teleported to the first phase of
them for the first boss room out of two
maybe not though an arranged upgrade is
is pretty much garbage so okay let's
throw out the reroll here
it's like exclusively bad I mean our
speed increased by like 0.1 I think but
apart from that pretty much exclusively
bad and I think yeah like a dunce cap is
one of those things or The Wiz to use
its you know canonical name it's one of
those items that sticks with you which
I'm actually really happy about because
it means that we can try to concoct a
good run that has the Wiz and those have
happened before they're not even
necessarily like few and far between but
certainly if it's an item you've got to
work with as opposed to like it does
what you needed to do right out of the
braid out of the gate so
I'm excited by the opportunities that
what do people say when they you know
get a job they don't want I'm excited by
the opportunities this presents the
unique opportunities I've given to us on
well what a special run you don't see
this every day okay what do we got here
forget me now I can't get rid of the D
for the D for is the soul of this run
right now forget me now is cool but
you're really only getting like two
items out of it well you're probably
getting four items out of it cuz we're
on an Excel floor to item rooms and two
bathrooms and then maybe deal with the
devil room access as well hello no don't
even worry about it I got a I got it
under control I'm good you know what
that's very graceful of you to offer but
I'm under control right now normals out
of granola bars but later today I will I
will get something never fear
does not need to be handles at the
present moment thank you though all
right we're going to go for a madri role
here pretty soon I want to wait until
after the item room just to see what we
get because like the spot is Fouad now
we got two batteries we'll do it and I
see that we've got a great rate of fire
with a slightly diminished amount of
damage you know what it's kind of a
boring setup here we did find our secret
room but let's grab this and then reroll
again there we go 8-inch nails finger
zodiac is more of like a who cares sort
of thing but it's a decent setup I still
don't feel content to take forget-me-now
yet but you know we could try to build
around this when we can be like let's
make the highest damage finger run so
really bad Bernie Sanders impression
again I don't know where it keeps coming
from and everyone says you're Bernie
Sanders impression is bad but it's a
great mayor Quimby so I think I've just
got to embrace that will Mike
the greatest finger run that's way no
JFK impression is mayor Quimby which
makes more sense I don't know they're
all they're mostly pretty bad except the
crash test dummies one is coming along a
couple of people which is double the
people that previously had tweeted
supportive me have tweeted supportive
that that impression so I think it's
coming up Emperor card Anthrocon if you
think this run time you could have been
long to see the magnetic fields anybody
they came out with a new album this year
I had no idea and it's just as
ridiculous as 69 love songs it's like
you know it's a quintuple album of like
b-sides there's anyway look dude this is
too many XL floors I'm getting it
twisted they always tell you not to do
that and Here I am getting it twisted
like it's a seat belt on a 1990s Dodge
Neon you just can't keep those things
level so we'll take our Cuba meat and
I'm happy to have it this run is in
danger of being too fast and not not too
fast to succeed like it will almost
certainly succeed just fine
the real problem is you know what are we
going to what are we going to do when it
comes to finding time to use our d4
properly or properly here because at the
present moment we have no realistic
outlet for it we could use it but if
we're just using a non-stop it feels
less meaningful I don't know because the
finger is so good okay we'll reroll you
convinced me sad bombs that's what
you're looking for to some extent and
because of I'm guessing it's because of
Judas shadow because seven damage is
three point five which is usual base
damage times two so because of the fact
that we're dark Judas I don't think we
can ever dip that low in terms of our
like the quality of this run so we
actually should reroll maybe more
frequently it's like having guppy but to
a smaller extent you know you're always
going to have that little baseline of no
matter how bad this run gets we will be
Gubbi so we no longer have zodiac we
have a lot of bombs centered
though and 30 bombs let's try it
we got three bombs synergies right there
so we have sad a homing cluster bombs
the cluster bombs exploding the more sad
homing bombs they don't they don't
cluster like over and over and over so
not that that's really that bad as you
can see one cluster bomb capable of
doing quite a lot of damage but this is
not only asked for you know I find
myself in search I'm Christopher Lee
from ratatouille the food critic I find
myself in search of something better
because the smile that she has makes me
a go-getter again passing me by by the
far side the far side think it's the far
side with an A it's been a while it has
a bad reference something like the last
episode I listened to that song all the
time come on come on but I'm not reroll
in the run just yet dude big fan I'm not
sure if it's good or bad but it is
keeping sac dagger like in a constant
position because the familiars that come
after it in line can't rotate very
quickly so I mean it's almost like we
have a semi-permanent shield out in
front of us I don't want to re-roll my
beautiful twenty five cluster sad bumps
we're still going to have twenty five
bombs or more they're not going to be
cluster sad bombs much longer if we use
the reroll but the same time I want to
use the rear oh because their staffs
aren't that impressive it's you know
we're in a little bit of a catch-22 sort
of situation here okay like the worst
place that I've stood
I think the time has come go for the
reroll got the mom transformation mom's
knife
damage speed everything else is the same
but mom's knife of course gives us an
incredible ability to reroll straight
past it because I don't want no scrubs
and we had a mom's knife run very
recently that was all I should have
taken oh we have Beelzebub I'm confused
but happy I suppose this run is also not
that good we basically have double our
usual damage and half the rate of fire
slightly faster than half the rate of
fire but and I mean we have a holy light
every run that we've seen so far I think
is a run that we could have won with or
could win with I should say this one
included however just not that exciting
so we're still kind of looking you know
it's like that u2 song and I'm still
looking for wood I haven't found that's
my favorite dude off of Josh's Street
one of the top albums of the 1970s
without a doubt see now you're like
where's the satire does he I your eyes
twitching a little bit I know he knows
it's called the Joshua Tree I know he
knows that the song's called I still
haven't found what I'm looking for not
I'm still looking for what I haven't
found but does he know that the Joshua
Tree came out in 1981 because I feel it
compulsive now I'll just leave one
comment and that's how you just got God
you just got trolled by the best of them
son all right this is actually bad like
if you have a Holy Light you want that
to be Holy Light plus a high rate of
fire not Holy Light plus a low rate of
fire again not terrible just not what
we're looking for
I mean analytic as good bits of Tears
upgrade 99 bombs I'll just take because
those aren't going anywhere we we
benefit from consumables and then this
minus 8 damage and Libra so libras like
really good Libra is really fun but we
do have Isaac's heart as well
I'm gonna roll out of it Isaac's heart
is just too bad to take you no use 99
bombs you got them smoke them if you got
and that's what they're always saying 99
spider bombs
I'll take tech zero
the problem is tech zero I mean first
off now we got to face any mother could
love and trust me many mothers do and
have loved it but this is uh our rate of
fire looks bad but it's actually fine
it's just chocolate milk that makes it
look bad this this run is interesting
does it quite you know pass our
thresholds I would say no but it's sort
of getting there we got a new item in
the form of text euro an item I like but
I'm still sort of trying to figure out
it's like impromptu piercing shots and
then we got chocolate milk when when we
feel like Tek zeros not doing a good job
we just want to hit an enemy like
head-on we got bulgur tears and we got
99 you know hot bombs check it and see I
got a fever of 103
I'm Celsius that's terrible you wouldn't
go to a hospital you go to like you know
a refrigerator store aisle dude I like
that if you stick an enemy with a static
tear that is also a booger it's here
like the world is your oyster because it
keeps shooting the electricity all right
take this we haven't had to deal with
the devil in forever
take this that's lovely you want
piercing shots and then in here it
doesn't really matter we'll just grab
this get the heck out of here I don't
know the more I spend time on this run
the more I'm sort of like maybe this is
the one it would continue my streak of
like always ending a nice agree role run
on a tech item which is kind of like a
joke but also happens every single time
I don't know that x0 is fine
I don't know that x0 is that good though
so I kind of feel like I'm not cheating
the system and of course you should know
by now if you're watching this and
you're going don't stop the reroll here
buddy I'm not obviously I have no
self-control when it comes to this I
will continue to use the rear
roll at nauseam until a breakfast us and
leaves us in a you know a hellish pit of
you know no damage no stats except for
you know maybe guppy base stats 12 HP
grade to start a run not so great to
finish your run oh it's a pretty solid
cracked dice honestly let's grab this -
Wheel of Fortune we're dangerously close
to getting our donation machine back to
nine hundred ninety nine cents you know
the last time we had it at 999 was
probably like 2015 I'm trying to think I
think it might be like we blew it up
once I don't think we ever got it back
to that level so we're actually
approaching it's been a long time coming
dude that was like costly major the
really constants I've been using the
donation machine like every time it's
available but let's go kind of a costly
mistake in terms of just the sheer time
invested dude this is like cool and very
strange
we still have technology zero and we're
firing we must have like quad shot and
triple shot or something like that
we definitely have quad shot that I can
see and we still have the electricity
coming out of it so that's very cool
but our damage is a lot worse honestly
our rate of fire is pretty good for
firing seven shots every time you press
the button and we can get a pretty sweet
like convergent ball of electricity as
well but is this enough novelty I don't
know
because we can fly that rooms a little
easier oh we gotta test this it's like
we're loveless and we asked to what
we're supposed to do with our chests you
got a test you chest Lovelace if you
can't stand the heat and get out the
wild wild west that's Jim West not a
cardiologist but an enthusiast I think
it's fair to say I'm going to try a
reroll just because like this is cool I
like the triangle electricity we get
here let's see what happens
still got electricity no but we do have
a much faster rate of fire and rubber
cement so this is pretty cool I would
say that we have not crossed the danger
threshold yet we haven't seen epic
foetus we haven't seen doctor fuse so I
think we're still relatively safe to
re-roll here and this runs like this
particular one right here is good we run
like a quick like guided tour of of
issac synergies learning a little bit
about the the world I mean this is a
great run in all honesty Capricorn plus
2020 Reber cements fun and then
sometimes good sometimes bad as with
almost every item in the whole freaking
game obviously where are you where could
you be sitting on the floor Joey don't
pop up here no more I'd like to get my
devil deal
it could be brimstone that would make me
feel like I shouldn't have gone for the
first verse because then I just read I
really want to go like where could you
be
now let's reroll midboss track tractor
beam soymilk prognosis wafer lusty blood
lucky blood is an enormous damage
increase the more enemies we kill
certainly you know the range is bad
and our damage starts by being pretty
terrible but once your two enemies beep
becomes like a freaking Gatling gun I'm
still going to go for the reroll because
we can do better and also this is an
archetype we've had before but it's it's
a fun one I wouldn't dispute that I
don't care about any year I don't care
about your garbage synergies at this
point by the way for anyone who's ever
disputed and you know this agreement is
important just ask George Lucas or ask
somebody who knows George Lucas but ah
man marked at least we can make sweet
spirals there might have even been more
battery charges in there but I feel an
obligation to give it a shot but for
anybody who thinks you know I'm talking
out of my butt when I say the d4 is one
of the best items in the game or at
least re-rolling your whole run
consistently is like one of the
strongest things you can do in the game
this runs for you because like almost
every single run that we've had has been
high-quality admittedly that if you're
really thinking that says more about
Judas's shadow than it does about the d4
Judas the shadow can turn even pretty
statistically underwhelming runs into
Indonesian ones but you know the d4 is
is doing fine as well just let me out of
here please
this is doing quite a lot of damage but
I really just like I don't like marked I
don't want to use marked on a regular
basis even with conjoint so reroll the
run here at Jacob's Ladder and the
strangest of all technology lasers but
quite a lot of damage whatever so milk
like permanently nerfed our damage
because we shouldn't be it shouldn't be
plausible for us to be a three point six
for damage this makes me uncomfortable
like you ever people be like hey imagine
putting a toothpick under your toenail
and then kicking the wall as hard as you
can you know when people go it makes me
uncomfortable this is like that this
just watching this technology laser bend
around an anchor point and the guys out
there know what I'm talking about this
is not giving me the greatest sense of
like phantom limb syndrome Here I am I
would prefer to get rid of this run as
soon as possible so that I may you know
continue to feel that I have a normal
foul is confusing me on many different
levels here so we're going to reroll
this one this one is a whip this might
be the first one that is more likely to
result in a loss than a win but we got a
while until it comes an issue here
we have to reroll pretty badly a few
more times in a row I don't know what's
causing the been died of it okay there's
spun homing tears our tear effects don't
seem that good I think we have three
dollar bill maybe our tear effects don't
seem that good maybe it's just fire mine
but our stats are good but the actual
like tears themselves a little
underwhelming in terms of coolness like
they don't even shoot any electricity so
what am I supposed to believe that this
is like a good run where's my electrical
tears we have good bombs at least maybe
all my deal with the devil is gone all
right so we're actually like potentially
we've squandered this run but it's up to
us to prove that we did not so we were
24 minutes on the Cathedral that's
usually a very very good sign early
steps here and perthro is great for the
chest just try not to take damage
obviously and doesn't really matter what
trinket we have for now I'd say fire
mind causing problems but two more rooms
one more room is all it takes
get a reroll Seraphim and dude I'm
looking I'm liking you see a monster oh
I'm seeing tech point five some stats
upgrades holy mantle monstros lung and
I'm still somehow like disappointed how
is such a thing even possible
thanks for the stats regardless but this
is just okay I was hoping for some some
bravado some brazen tear effects but no
such luck man
bombers be so will continue to go for
these fast rerolls and fat rerolls with
a ph we can kill things quickly but you
know if we were just out here to kill
things quickly we would've stuck with
like mom's knife run which i will on a
regular basis but not this time like we
got to go a little harder in the paint
is that a reference that the kids
understand what's hard for me to
reconcile is that I think that walk up
flock up flames
we go hard in the MFA
paint is a contemporary reference but if
that song came out when you were in
eighth grade you're like a high school
senior now or maybe you've graduated so
you know in my head 2013 is still like
last year I'm trying to think of a
punchline to cap that off but I can't
think of one hey are you guys excited
for the Dark Knight Rises I mean it
could come out in 2013 you can't deny
that there's no way age of Ultron could
be worse than the first Avengers
apparently I'm mark time with the
passage of superhero movies but honestly
there's worse ways to mark your time
right there's a there's a new Marvel
tentpole film like every summer I'm
trying to think
oh yeah guardians of the galaxy just
came out this is a perthro I mean come
on I've ever seen one then you pick up
the passive items of which there are
zero and re-roll again it's got
potential
and then the summer of 2015 was both the
age of Ultron they will Avengers 2 age
of Ultron and ant-man and then 2016 was
like Captain America Civil War
you can totally mark time that way and
then I'll mark I'll mark winters by star
wars films from that point on 26 - from
this point on 2016 was rogue one 2015
was the force awakens and then when I
die
apparently the Disney Corporation is
going to lose like one of its primary
customers yes they're all Disney
products okay oh no no the
self-fulfilling prophecy is too real you
can't do this to me there was some
poster get married yeah the infinity say
save me spare me from there's nothing
I'd become seven damaged down for 0.17
speed-up that's what I call worth it we
in the business call that words the
self-fulfilling prophecy is I can't just
endlessly re-roll into tech X that's the
lazy man's game it's too easy
stick on some balls here you know what
it's pasta right I've recognized I just
said stick on some balls here with a
straight face but it wasn't my intention
to accidentally make a triple entendre
this may be a run where we never find
that ideal permutation of items that
we've been looking for and you know what
Thank You Isaac for teaching me a lesson
and it's not about the destination it's
about the journey if you're waiting for
that ideal situation in your life
there's a good chance that situation
will never present itself instead you
just got to grab life by the horns and
you know make the best of your
situations despite the changing
variables and parameters that may at
times we suboptimal if you don't like
which again why don't you change it if
your world is all screwed up rearrange
it a bit too good to go don't tell them
some rays of Rolla little run roll a
little run roll a little run hear me out
there see that's not bad anyway yeah we
never really fulfilled the promise and
that was my way of trying to tie some
overarching lesson on this run where
none previously existed so you know if
you're looking at that and going what
the heck is this guy talking about I
think you've got a great case to be
correct in that subject however you got
to admit you almost believed for a
second it's like we'd planned it to be
some sort of after-school special on my
so-called life
let's go all right we out there's no way
for us to be in so we're headed down
thanks for watching hope you guys have
enjoyed the episode in spite of its
quick pace if you did click the like
button umm said a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time